Update 'Run After' Section & Add 'Scope With Run After' Section (#125154)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/error-exception-handling.md

### Change "run after" behavior in the designer

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), open the logic app workflow in the designer.

1. On the designer, select the action shape. On the details pane, select **Settings**.

> 1. The **Run After** section in the **Settings** pane shows the predecessor action for the currently selected action.

Reviewer: Only user actions get a number.

```suggestion
   On the **Settings** tab, the **Run after** section shows the predecessor action that determines whether the currently selected action runs, based on the predecessor's run status.
```

>    ![Screenshot showing the designer and current action details pane with "Settings" selected.](./media/error-exception-handling/configure-run-after.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/configure-run-after.png" alt-text=""Screenshot shows workflow designer and current action details pane with selected Settings tab.":::
```

>    ![Screenshot shows workflow designer and current action details pane with selected Settings tab.](./media/error-exception-handling/configure-run-after.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/configure-run-after.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows workflow designer and current action details pane with selected Settings tab.":::
```

> 1. Expand the predecessor action node to view all the "run after" statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Expand the predecessor action to view all the possible predecessor statuses.
```

>    By default, the "run after" status is set to **is successful**. So, the predecessor action must run successfully before the currently selected action can run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   By default, the "run after" status is set to **Is successful**. So, the predecessor action must successfully finish before the currently selected action can run.
```

>    ![Screenshot showing the designer, current action, and default "run after" set to "is successful".](./media/error-exception-handling/change-run-after-status.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/change-run-after-status.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows current action and its default run after status set to Is successful.":::
```

> 1. Change the "run after" behavior to the status that you want. Make sure that you first select an option before you clear the default option. You have to always have at least one option selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To change the "run after" behavior to the statuses that you want, select those statuses. Make sure that you first select an option before you clear the default option. You have to always have at least one option selected.
```

>    The following example selects **has failed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following example selects **Has failed**.
```

>    ![Screenshot showing the designer, current action, and "run after" set to "has failed".](./media/error-exception-handling/failed-run-after-status.png)

Reviewer: Alt text is limited, so we can omit some words. We can no longer use special characters, such as quotation marks. This syntax automatically adds the required border around screenshots.

```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/failed-run-after-status.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows current action with run after behavior set to Has failed.":::
```

> 1. To specify that the current action runs whether the predecessor action is marked as **Failed**, **Skipped**, or **TimedOut**, select the other statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To specify that the current action runs when the predecessor action completes with **Failed**, **Skipped**, or **TimedOut** status, select these statuses.
```

>    ![Screenshot showing the designer, current action, and multiple "run after" statuses selected.](./media/error-exception-handling/run-after-multiple-statuses.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/run-after-multiple-statuses.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows current action and multiple selected run after statuses.":::
```

1. To require that more than one predecessor action runs, each with their own "run after" statuses, expand the **Select actions** list. Select the predecessor actions that you want, and specify their required "run after" statuses.

>    ![Screenshot showing the designer, current action, and multiple predecessor actions available.](./media/error-exception-handling/multiple-predecessor-actions.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/multiple-predecessor-actions.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows current action and available multiple predecessor actions.":::
```

> <a name="get-results-from-failures"></a>

Reviewer: This anchor tag needs to appear preceding the section "### Get context and results for failures".

> ### Use "scope" in the designer

Reviewer: Did you add these steps in the context of using scopes and "run after" for error handling? We already document the [steps to add a scope in this guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-control-flow-run-steps-group-scopes), though the guide needs updates. So, we just want to describe the relevant steps for exception handling. We usually don't want to repeat already documented steps as this creates maintenance issues.

```suggestion
### Set up a scope with "run after" for exception handling
```

> #### Step 1: Open the Logic App Designer

Reviewer: We're also linking to a generic doc about how to add triggers and actions to centralize these steps due to frequent UX updates. Here's the steps rewritten per our guidelines.

```suggestion
1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), open your logic app workflow in the designer.

    Your workflow must already have a trigger that starts the workflow.

1. On the designer, [follow these generic steps to add a **Control** action named **Scope** to your workflow](/azure/logic-apps/create-workflow-with-trigger-or-action#add-action).

1. In the **Scope** action, [follow these generic steps to the add actions to run](/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-control-flow-run-steps-group-scopes#add-steps-to-scope), for example:

   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/add-actions-into-scope.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows workflow designer with actions grouped inside the scope.":::

   The following list shows some example actions that you might include inside a **Scope** action:
   
   - Get data from an API.
   - Process the data.
   - Save the data to a database.

1. Now define the "run after" rules for running the actions in the scope.

   1. On the designer, select the **Scope** title. When the scope's information pane opens, select **Settings**.

   1. If you have more than one preceding action in the workflow, from the **Select actions** list, select the action after which you want to run the scoped actions.

   1. For the selected action, select all the action statuses that can run the scoped actions.

      In other words, any of the chosen statuses that result from the selected action cause the actions in the scope to run.

   In the following example, the scoped actions run after the **HTTP** action completes with any of the selected statuses:

   :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/set-run-after-in-scope.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows scope action's Settings tab, run after section, and selected action statuses that run the scoped actions.":::

```

> * Navigate to your Logic App in the Azure portal.
> * Click on Edit to open the Logic App Designer.
> 
> #### Step 2: Add a Scope Action
> * In the Logic App Designer, click + New Step where you want to add the Scope.
> * In the search bar, type Scope and select the Scope action.
> * A container will appear where you can add multiple actions.
> 
> ![Screenshot showing designer, searching scope in the 'Add an action menu'".](./media/error-exception-handling/search-scope.png)
> 
> 
> #### Step 3: Add Actions to the Scope
> * Inside the Scope container, click Add an action.
> * Add the actions you want to group. For example:
>    * Retrieve data from an API.
>    * Process the data.
>    * Save the data to a database.
> * Repeat the process to include all related actions.
> 
> ![Screenshot showing designer, adding different steps into the scope".](./media/error-exception-handling/add-actions-into-scope.png)
> 
> #### Step 4: Define "Run After" Conditions
> * Switch the "Settings" tab of the "Scope"
> * Configure the "Run after" section for your cases  
> * Scope will be triggered after the selected actions
> 
> ![Screenshot showing designer, adding run after rules.](./media/error-exception-handling/set-run-after-in-scope.png)
> 

Reviewer: Replace with suggested version:

```suggestion
```

For limits on scopes, see [Limits and config](logic-apps-limits-and-config.md).

### Set up a scope with "run after" for exception handling

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), open your logic app workflow in the designer.

>     Your workflow must already have a trigger that starts the workflow.

Reviewer: Add blank line and fix indent:

```suggestion

   Your workflow must already have a trigger that starts the workflow.
```

For limits on scopes, see [Limits and config](logic-apps-limits-and-config.md).

### Set up a scope with "run after" for exception handling

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), open your logic app workflow in the designer.

> Your workflow must already have a trigger that starts the workflow.

Reviewer: Fix indent to line up inside the preceding sentence:

```suggestion
   Your workflow must already have a trigger that starts the workflow.
```

1. On the designer, [follow these generic steps to add a **Control** action named **Scope** to your workflow](/azure/logic-apps/create-workflow-with-trigger-or-action#add-action).

1. In the **Scope** action, [follow these generic steps to the add actions to run](/azure/logic-apps/logic-apps-control-flow-run-steps-group-scopes#add-steps-to-scope), for example:

>    ![Screenshot shows workflow designer with actions grouped inside the scope.](./media/error-exception-handling/add-actions-into-scope.png)

Reviewer: Apologies if I didn't update these links:

```suggestion
   :::image type="content" source="" alt-text="Screenshot shows workflow designer with actions grouped inside the scope.":::
```

Author: Should I use the ` :::image` syntax instead of `![]()`?  I can not visualize the images with the ` :::image` tag on vscode. Thanks! @ecfan

Reviewer: Yes, the ":::image" syntax is the style that the docs now use. The border gets added automatically.

   The following list shows some example actions that you might include inside a **Scope** action:
   
   - Get data from an API.
   - Process the data.
   - Save the data to a database.

1. Now define the "run after" rules for running the actions in the scope.
   
   1. On the designer, select the **Scope** title. When the scope's information pane opens, select **Settings**.

   1. If you have more than one preceding action in the workflow, from the **Select actions** list, select the action after which you want to run the scoped actions.

   1. For the selected action, select all the action statuses that can run the scoped actions.
      
      In other words, any of the chosen statuses that result from the selected action cause the actions in the scope to run.

      In the following example, the scoped actions run after the **HTTP** action completes with any of the selected statuses:

>       ![Screenshot shows scope action's Settings tab, run after section, and selected action statuses that run the scoped actions.](./media/error-exception-handling/set-run-after-in-scope.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :::image type="content" source="media/error-exception-handling/set-run-after-in-scope.png" alt-text="Screenshot shows scope action's Settings tab, run after section, and selected action statuses that run the scoped actions.":::
```
